Update readme with information about CCM (#613)
kubernetes/cloud-provider-gcp: README.md

IMAGE_REGISTRY=example.com IMAGE_REPO=my-repo IMAGE_TAG=v1 bazel run //cmd/gcp-controller-manager:publish
```

## Publishing cloud-controller-maanger image

This command will build and publish cloud-controller-manager

> `gcr.io/k8s-image-staging/cloud-controller-manager:latest`:

Reviewer: in k8s org we dont publish/promote latest tag, only tagged images

cc @sdmodi @aojea

Reviewer 2: this is an example,

Reviewer: i know, but people tend to use that 😅

```sh
tools/update_bazel.sh
```

# Tagging for new cloud-controller-manager versions

To trigger a new image for cloud-controller-manager, you need to add a git tag.

> This needs to have the format `ccm/vX.X.X`. For example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This needs to have the format `ccm/vX.Y.Z`. For example.
```

```
git tag -a ccm/v27.1.0 -m "CCM build for Kubernetes v1.27.1"
```

> The major version corresponds to the Kubernetes minor version. The minor and the

Reviewer 2: The major version X corresponds to the Kubernetes minor vesion, the minor version Y corresponds to Kubernetes patch version and the patch verison Z corresponds to the CCM patch version
